---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "buildkite_registry Resource - terraform-provider-buildkite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource allows you to create and manage a Buildkite Registry.
  Find out more information in our documentation https://buildkite.com/docs/package-registries.
---

# buildkite_registry (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage a Buildkite Registry.
Find out more information in our [documentation](https://buildkite.com/docs/package-registries).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "buildkite_registry" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  description = "super cool ruby registry"
  ecosystem   = "ruby"
  emoji       = ":ruby:"
  color       = "#ff0000"
  team_ids = [
    buildkite_team.frontend_team.uuid,
    buildkite_team.backend_team.uuid
  ]
  oidc_policy = <<YAML
- iss: https://agent.buildkite.com
  scopes:
    - read_packages
  claims:
    build_branch: main
YAML
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ecosystem` (String) The ecosystem of the registry. This value cannot be changed after creation.
- `name` (String) The name of the registry. Can only contain numbers and letters, no spaces or special characters.
- `team_ids` (List of String) The team UUIDs that have access to the registry. At least one team must be specified. This value cannot be changed after creation.

### Optional

- `color` (String) A color representation of the registry. Accepts hex codes, eg #BADA55.
- `description` (String) This is a description for the registry, this may describe the usage for it, the region, or something else
which would help identify the registry's purpose.
- `emoji` (String) An emoji to use with the registry, this can either be set using :buildkite: notation, or with the
emoji itself, such as 🚀.
- `oidc_policy` (String) The registry's OIDC policy, in YAML format.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The GraphQL ID of the registry.
- `public` (Boolean) Whether the registry is publicly accessible.
- `registry_type` (String) The type of the registry (e.g. `source`).
- `slug` (String) The slug of the registry.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the registry.
